Why don t you wait for me to cut the cake?
Maybe, just cut the birthday cake, it's almost 9 o'clock.
Shuyuan, I'm sorry.
I'm looking for someone to give you a birthday present.
Happy birthday.
Who is this woman?
I want to wait for nature to flourish and then act.
Now it looks like it needs to be done first.
Number 19 forward transfer system.
Don't move.
Stop chasing.
We're not in time.
Security officer.
You have a way to plant and dense, I'll try.
Come here.
Xiao Qi, help me set the time for the USB to turn on a little longer.
Just three minutes.
Server, what are you doing?
Of course, a big gift for the code thief.
This is a typical gray pigeon environment.
Just plug the USB in.
The computer will automatically run and fill.
Your computer will have a blue screen.
How do you know someone stole the code tonight?